Modify rule S5131(C#): Education Framework (#945)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5131/common/fix/data_encoding.adoc

> Protect well-meaning users from the actions of malicious users by ensuring that
> user-supplied data cannot break out of its context when injected into a
> response. +
> To do this, encode the data according to its context. The following table lists
> how user input should be handled depending on its output context.
> 
> Note: Encoding data does not change the content from the end user's point of view, but makes it uninterpretable by the end browser.

Author: ```suggestion
Protect well-meaning users from attacks by ensuring that third-party data cannot compromise the integrity of the services you provide. XSS attacks are facilitated when the web service inserts third-party data without controlling it first: This data breaks out of the user context.

Third-party data sources include the application's user base and also third-party services. Any user can be compromised or malicious from one moment to the next, and any third-party provider can be compromised.

The end user's browser distinguishes between two different forms of text:
- Text that is intended to be displayed to humans.
- Text that is intended to be interpreted as code by the browser.

As long as the third-party data stays un-encoded ("unescaped"), the browser considers it as both of the above forms of text. This situation makes this data harmful because the third-party data could mix HTML and JavaScript.

Therefore, to protect users, you should encode all third-party data according to its context.

- If the third-party data needs to be inserted into text that is directly intended for humans, it must be HTML-encoded.
- If the third-party data needs to be inserted into text that is to be used directly in JavaScript code, it must be JavaScript-encoded.
```

Author: This new suggestion could also partly fit in the rationale
